--fasta1
    It's the input of the genome which already have a tab file annotated.

--fasta2 
    It's the input of the genome for which we want to acquire the tab file. It will be
    index by bwa.

--tabintput
    It's the tab file annotated related to genome fasta1. The format can be VCF, GFF or
    BED.

--flank
    This option allow to control the lenght of flanking region that we select. It's 50
    nucleotide by default.

--cds 
    Enable control of number and postions of CDS inside mRNA (or gene). It check is CDS
    number 1 in his gene is still at number 1 after transfer.
    It generate a new tab file.
    
--directory
    Allow to create a directory where output file will be redirect.

--help
    Show help message.

--index
    If just one -i is specify, the script will check if the index of fasta2 already exist,
    else, it will be created. If -ii is specify, the index will be generate (even if it
    already exist)
 
--loss
    Generate a statistic file which show difference of line between the first tab file
    (tabinput) and the output tab file.

--notempfile
    Force the script to not use tempfile for secondary file like alignment file. The extra
    files will be located in the output directory.

--mismatch
    Specify the number of mismatch allowed. If option --percentage is specify, the number
    pass will be a percentage, else it's in number of nucleotide. Example : -m 10 will
    accept 10 nucleotide max mismatch and -m 10 -p will accept max 10 % of the lenght of
    the match of mismatch.

--output 
    Allow to specify a name for the output tab file.

--percentage
    Convert the option --mismatch to percentage. See above at --mismatch.

--type
    Specify the type to extract from a GFF (Example : cds, gene ,mrna). The other one are
    ignored.

--verbose
    Change verbosity level. By default, verbose is set at 1 (recommended). 0 will show
    only warnings and errors and 2 will show index and alignment log.

--version
    Show version and date of last update then exit.

--warning
    Disable the print of warnings message.

Example of use :

If you have a reference genome named fasta1.fa with his 3 tab file v1.bed,v1.vcf and v1.gff
and you want to transfer those data to a other genome named fasta2.fa, the recommended
command line is :
    For the bed file :
        python transpo-rg.py -f1 fasta1.fa -f2 fasta2.fa -ti v1.bed -i -l
        If you want to look to intermediate file, add option -n
    For the VCF file :
        python transpo-rg.py -f1 fasta1.fa -f2 fasta2.fa -ti v1.vcf -i -l
    For the GFF file :
        Full file :
            python transpo-rg.py -f1 fasta1.fa -f2 fasta2.fa -ti v1.gff3 -i -l
        Only mRNA and CDS :
            python transpo-rg.py -f1 fasta1.fa -f2 fasta2.fa -ti v1.gff3 -i -l -c -t
            "mrna,cds" 
            





